This is the work log for Uygar Aras for the week of 25 September.
This week, we had our initial meeting and a broad workshare. started working on Java Spring myself and initialized the project file in IntelliJ
Week of October 2
This week, we have discussed the backend part of our project, the class structures, how we should design the use case diagram,
and the relationship between the classes. We fixed our meeting schedules this week.
My achievements were: My role changed from the backend developer of the application to the frontend side, so I started 
improving my skills in React.js.
Week of October 9
The whole week, we did a job sharing at the start of the week and then started designing the use case diagram of our project. I was responsible for the getItem part of the use case diagram and the related package. also, Yasemin and I were responsible for writing the NFR in the report file. I also did my work in writing the explanatory part for the cases in the package that I edited throughout the week.
Week of October 16
This week I have worked througly on deliverable 2 with Yasemin I believe that we achieved a lot with the report,We also made progress in the react part of our application
Week of October 23 
I have started to study on the backend side of the application for further support then helped Yasemin on the front side of the application.
Week of October 30
This week I have worked on improving the D1 and D2 reports according to the feedback we have got as a group from the first two reports I have mainly worked on the parts that I have done previously also I helped my teammates when I was done with the homework. Also because there was the early prototype for the next week I have worked on improving the front edn part of the application with helping Yasemin.
Week of November 6 
This week we were delivering the early prototype so we have worked throughly on the applications development part mainly helping my teammate Yasemin with the development part of the application also started working on deliverable 4 this week mostly done the diagrams.
Week of November 13
Continued my work on improving D4 this week with the help of Murat and started initializing the database part of the application for connecting the backend and frontend part of the application and also finalizing the D4 report ready for submission completed push for the report and start working more on the development side of our project.
Week of November 20
This week we as a group started doing coding sessions together for faster development and solving the problems as a team. Towards the end of this week we are planning to have another coding session for further development of our application.
Week of November 27
I have worked througly on Authentication and Login this week. Completed the login page and create user page. Contributed to the D5 reports.
Week of December 4
This week I have started working in collobration with Yasemin and completed some other pages and did some modifications on the code.
Week of December 11
On the final week we have completed the code part with Yasemin, mostly she and I completed the development part we have finalised the application I worked both on the back and front part of the project. 
